What do you mean?
OK
I'll come over now.
It is now
You never know.
The worst scene I've ever acted in in my life
Just pretend not to love
Lan Lan, do you really want to resign?
Did the surname Lu force you?
No no
It's me.
I'm really sorry to continue working.
Causing you so much trouble
I apologize to you for him.
What are you talking about?
His surname is Lu, it's not that he doesn't have a long mouth
You don't need to apologize.
It's not because of you
Don't be afraid of him
The big deal is to divorce him and I will support you
Just a stinky man
What's so great about it?
I appreciate your kindness.
Let's go back in this century
I want to go back and rest first
Okay, okay, you still have a fever
Go back and rest
Lan Lan
You wake up, you suddenly pass out.
I was panicking. I didn't know what to do.
So I called my brother
How is my friend?
Miss Zhang just has some cold and fever.
Nothing serious for now
But but what?
Miss Jiang already has about 5 kinds of injuries
The fetus is not stable yet
There are many medicines
So he can use it for him
What!
Lan Lan, you are pregnant